feat(curriculum): add Block 15 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59354)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-manage-a-conversation/67f06151744ee95acd3440e3.md

---
id: 67f06151744ee95acd3440e3
title: Task 116
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-116
---

<!-- (Audio) Brian: We should probably plan a meeting with the team to discuss the integration issues. Would that help? -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What could Sarah say to tell Brian that the meeting would be helpful?

## --answers--

`Not really.`

### --feedback--

This means the meeting would not be helpful.

---

`Absolutely.`

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Saying `Absolutely` is a strong, enthusiastic way to agree with a suggestion. In response to a question like `Would that help?`, it is like saying `Yes, that would definitely help`. For example:

> - Person A: `Can I send you the report by noon?` - The person is offering to send the report at a proposed time.
> 
> - Person B: `Absolutely.` – Person B shows full agreement with no hesitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `Can I send you the report by noon?` - The person is offering to send the report at a proposed time.

- Person 2: `Absolutely.` – Person 2 shows full agreement with no hesitation.
```
